1436790/1438462: Part 12: 15 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10333)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/data/adonet/ef/provider-manifest-specification.md

```  
  
#### Using a Provider Manifest Token  

>  For the offline scenario, the token is picked from SSDL representation. The SSDL allows you to specify a ProviderManifestToken (see [Schema Element (SSDL)](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-4.0/bb387166(v=vs.100)) for more information). For example, if a connection cannot be opened, the SSDL has a provider manifest token that specifies information about the manifest.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For the offline scenario, the token is picked from SSDL representation. The SSDL allows you to specify a ProviderManifestToken (see [Schema Element (SSDL)](/ef/ef6/modeling/designer/advanced/edmx/ssdl-spec#schema-element-ssdl) for more information). For example, if a connection cannot be opened, the SSDL has a provider manifest token that specifies information about the manifest.  
```
